bump package versions to remove normalize styles from them #trivial (#1274)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/atoms/f-button/CHANGELOG.md

- Return beta to master. Component has JETSansDigital font.

> ### Removed

Reviewer: Should this have a minor version bump?

Author: This change is already in v2 of f-button, I just added a line to a changelog as forgot to do so in previous PR

> - normalize styles from the build. Note that now if consuming application doesn't have normilize(reset) styles, there may be some slight style differences after this update. If consuming application uses fozzie, there shouldn't be any style differences as normalize styles should be added as part of fozzie import.

Reviewer 2: A few suggestions. Assuming that `normilize` is a typo not a package name 😄 

```suggestion
- Normalise styles from the build. Note that now if consuming application doesn't have normalised (reset) styles, there may be some slight style differences after this update. If the consuming application uses fozzie, there shouldn't be any style differences as normalised styles should be added as part of the fozzie import.
```
